♪♪
Hey, everyone,
I'm Philip.
I'm Wes, and we're
Wong Fu Productions.
And we're the directors
of "Single By 30."
This week, Peter and Joanna
go to a wedding.
Shhh.
You've already said
too much.
They're going
to a wedd--
Shhh!
- Together.
- Shh-pssh!
[indistinct conversations]
[giggles]
Hey. Sorry I took so long.
Wow, you look amazing.
Thanks for the room.
Yeah, no problem.
The hand dryers down here
at the restroom
worked better than expected.
Jo-Jo!
- Hey, hey!
- Jo-Jo!
Hey!
Look at you!
And this guy.
- Hi. Ryan.
- Hey.
- Peter.
- You look so beautiful!
- You, too.
- What's up?
Wow, you guys
are ready, huh?
Most florists turn down
a complimentary invite,
but Ryan and I are using
this wedding
as our last hoorah.
Tomorrow, we start trying.
Trying?
Oh, my gosh, like
trying, trying.
- Oh, my God!
- Like, baby-making time.
These tubes are ready
to drop it like it's hot.
Eww.
I'm not comfortable
with that either, so...
Whatever, we're going hard.
Ryan has been
pre-gaming all day.
Honestly, I've been planning
this for, like,
a long time, like, years.
- I got us matching flasks.
- Ooh!
- Oh, that's adorable.
- It's pretty cool.
All right,
here's the game.
If you see the bride's
mom's cleave,
you drink once.
If you see the
flower girl crying,
you drink twice.
If you see a dog
in a tuxedo,
you drink three times.
Wait, wait, wait, what
was the first one again?
I don't know,
who cares?
We're having fun.
It's a party!
♪♪